update variabce/summation with Kahan/Welford
  -> mean, variance

more efficient bounding box from equations for tri6, quad8?
more efficient intersection by computing if the ray even intersects the 1D line
made in 2D

revive benchmarks
m
ake the ray the x-axis. Can only have intersection if a vertex within eps
  fast fail for polygon intersection

add um2::is_sorted to quadratic segment, tri, quad, tri6. nad quad8 intersection tests

remove iostream

Replace epsilons with eps_distance

learn more floating point

eliminate epsilons

Tighter eps_distance?
  Ensure all epsilons in geometry are based on eps_distance

use std::print -> bump to C++23? Support in 12, 15?)

Test cases with multiple roots

gsl permutaitons vs mine?

more efficient str to -> print?

replace infinite distance with -1 in intersection and such

Float32
Int64

organze archive into many dirs with notes on what is there any why we keep
angular quadrature to archive
enable openMP /TBB

-> QuadraticTriangle an QuadraticQuad contains

more robust testing for mesh functions
-> faceContaining 
-> intersect
-> validate

makeMaterialsElset
  -> convert Material_ to Material with elset data

Delete material related comments after verifying read/write w/o 

XDMF IO
-> look for an opportunity to make non-private
Check VTK with XDMF -> convert and vis
Extract powered subsets
-> Morton sort

Add cell type check to VTK after fix in MPACT

NOLINT
  stdlib
  common
  math
  geometry

push_back to emplace_back
  Make another item with this for later

benchmark quadratic segment intersection.
  Should we do more computation and save branching for a more complex
  boolean at the end?

remove the behavior of a regular or rectilinear partition holding one extra element

add testing for gcc 12+ and clang15+

check on gmsh intersect

look for ASSUME opportunities, especially around ternary statements

ray intersect regular grid?

provide intersection functions with additional argument of inverse direction?

Check that casts preserve value from float to int
-> int over 16 million?

branchless

methods
Harden the mesh IO, testing with files created from different software

VTK output with colors

operator Type() -> Convert to type

is_constexpr -> builtin
constexpr tests

CUDA check

PURE and ASSERTS/Log messages
  -> ASSERT Ok
  -> Log no

valgrind and cuda test on laptop

allocator

typename to class

Apache 2.0 license

std::isfinite assumes
Find the conditional jump that depends on uninitialized value in xsec read

Add material convenience functions that openMC has

Function for plotting XSecs
Check that tests are actually using CUDA

No more examples. Make a "models" directory.
  Add options for each parametric study

Method to function

investigate valgrind release build -> UPGRADE to 3.22
-> PURE, ASSUME

Add scattering matrix to Xsec
Don't store redundant info? Total
  Optimize to be lower triangular when build without upscatter?

Move the picture of the model to above the code in the tutorial

Resolve casts in gmsh API

Add overlap check to face vertex mesh validate routine

Modify the Gmsh functions so that they are templated where necessary

Binned mesh
  Need vis before to verify

Back the rays up by -eps
  -> or make AABB bigger

Make the mpact tests work for more types

SIMD versions of routines for mesh.
  point in 4 AABB
  ray intersect 4 lines, etc.

face overlap using connectivity
  - identify boundary edges which are not on the exterior

Use connectivity for ray tracing
  -> Vertex, not edge

SIMD ray/mesh intersection. Can do many at once. Make RayPacket class. Write intersection
routines for edge, polygon, etc.

GPU ray intersect. Need an easy way to get objects on the device. Maybe toDevice() return

Functions to prevent std::string/std::vector usage in examples and tutorials
  One should bundle functions to hide complexity

Re-add the requirements non-spack installed

Scripts to install gcc

reserve elements/vertices for submesh and read: FVM.toPolytopesoup, spatial_part.toPolytopeSoup

parallelize

VALIDATE RAY TRACING DATA
  intersect which also returns face IDS

Graphics:
  Highlight the intersected cells
    Show ray intersect lattice naive gif. Faces are out of order.
    Show ray intersect lattice morton sorted gif. Better memory access
    Show ray intersect binned lattice. Highlight the box edges and then highlight
      tested faces.
    Show the number of intersected faces each time and the speedup

Restore scripts dir

Old benchmarks: reimplement or place in archive
clean archive

Point in cell bug for c5g7 mesh

validate intersect

Consistent testing of mesh point inside.
   getOrientedEdge -> return bool, pass edge by ref

Binned FVM

Matplotlib
